Sir! Sir!
A girl is bringing in a severed head, sir.
It hasn't even been six months
since Radha killed Tirupati.
What's this again, sir?
-Sir, Greetings!
-Hey, Ramesh.
-Is everything ready?
-Yes, everything is ready.
What's his name?
Hey, Tirupati!
How did he die?
Seriously?!
His wife chopped his head off?
What on earth did he do
to end up this way?
Didn't you read the newspaper?
Odela Tirupati would abduct brides on
wedding nights to rape and murder them.
Why did he do it?
How did he get caught?
She did the right thing.
She took his life and protected the town.
Name is Tirupati, and he is from Odela.
Anyone related to him?
Mayanna!
Brother... Brother!
Brother...
They brought home Tirupati's body.
Tirupati!
My son!
Tirupati, my son!
Hey, Ravi! We brought home
Tirupati's body. Please come home.
No relative is turning up.
Hello!
None of your friends
have come to see you.
What kind of death is this?
Look closely.
This idiot ruined our village's name.
He ended the lives of our children.
His soul shouldn't rest in peace.
His life shouldn't transcend to the next.
The punishment we
impose on his dead body,
must be remembered by all
for as long as the nearby villages exist.
There is only one way to do it.
Burial punishment.
Which means?
What do we do when
a family member dies, Raja Reddy?
We either bury them or burn them.
But we shouldn't do that with his body.
On the upcoming new moon day,
at 6 am,
we must place his body vertically,
then drench his body
with black hen's blood.
Take the villagers' fingernail clippings,
sand from beneath their feet,
a piece of their clothing,
and a black thread.
All these must be tied in a black cloth
and buried alongside his body.
That is called burial punishment.
Then...
his soul will suffer just like we did.
Tirupati's soul will struggle
without transcending.
It will experience hell.
But Mayanna,
why punish a dead body?
You would understand if you
had lost a sister or mother to him.
True, he should get the burial punishment.
Raju, you heard the priest's plan, right?
-I did.
-The whole village should hear this.
Hear one, hear all!
At the banyan tree
near the Goddess temple,
right where we bury pigs and cows,
Tirupati's body will
receive burial punishment!
Tailor Sreenu...
It's me, your friend.
We studied together during childhood.
Give me a helping hand.
Brother is lifting on his own.
Hey!
Narsi! Narsi!
At least you lend them a hand...
Brother.
Brother is dead.
Sister-in-law is in jail.
The family has fallen apart.
Why such injustice?
Brother.
Ask them to let him go!
Isn't it because of your brother
the village suffered?
What are you guys looking at?
Throw him out!
-Give it a second thought!
-Please don't!
Brother, ask them to stop.
Please stop it.
Please don't, I beg you.
I committed a mistake unknowingly.
My wife killed me
and has punished me enough already.
Let these sins be accounted for
and end in this lifetime
Let it go.
Why are you guys punishing a dead body?
Why give burial punishment to someone
who's already been killed?
Guys, get it over with.
Guys, please don't!
Don't. Don't.
-Don't!
Please burn my body.
I don't want this burial punishment.
Please burn me.
Don't. Don't. Don't.
Hey!
You all made a mistake.
You guys are committing a grave sin!
You’ve made a huge mistake!
Sreenu! Narsi!
You... You...
I won't spare any one of you!
I'll bring panic to every doorstep!
I will fill every house with cries!
I will make sure Rahu
and Kethu to dance to my tunes!
Wedding songs will
turn into funeral hymns.
From now on, you'll be destroyed
and this village will be annihilated!
Not even the Lord Odela Mallanna
will be able to save you!
I won't spare you!
In the Indian subcontinent,
to the southeast of Mokshapuri,
around 1000 km away,
along the southern banks of Ganga...
an evil spirit is surfacing
in the God's birthplace, Odela.
It's collecting every drop
of blood that can be found
and waiting for an opportunity.
If it was visible to your inner eye,
I think complete destruction
is inevitable,
Gurudeva.
Destruction is
the terrifying form of time.
If an evil spirit is born there,
then God must have also
taken an earthly form elsewhere.
God is the only eternal truth!
6 MONTHS LATER
♪ O come, behold Odela's charm
Bright as the full moon after an eclipse ♪
♪ Like the Ekachakrapura
Free from the clutches of an Asura ♪
♪ All the stars above now grace
Our doorsteps as a beautiful rangoli ♪
♪ Bowing at Shivayya’s sacred feet
Like the humble Maaredu blossoms ♪
♪ Watch the palm toddy
Gleam inside its leafy cradle ♪
♪ Listen to the calf’s delight
As she nurses from her mother ♪
♪ That loved one's cooking in the bowl
Serves a silent, smiling love ♪
♪ The young girl’s lips
Curl into a naughty smile ♪
♪ That soft chime
Of mom’s toe ring back then... ♪
♪ Like the joyful spark
In a toddler’s grin ♪
♪ Everyday
The townsfolk are always smiling ♪
♪ The village sighs, “ammamma, abbabba"... ♪
♪ Look at the paddy field
Turn into a village belle's pallu ♪
♪ The dark clouds weave
Into strands of her silky hair ♪
♪ Like the Goonugu blooms
Woven softly into your lovely necklace ♪
♪ And the dark seeds of the forest
That guard you from the evil eye ♪
♪ O my little village sweetheart
Who wears the streams and valleys ♪
♪ Like a silken waist band
And anklets of tender sword bean pods ♪
♪ Like a brooding hen ♪
♪ The village sighs, “ammamma, abbabba"... ♪
It's not that.
Will you listen to me?
-Share with your husband.
-Thanks, sister.
Veralingaiah uncle!
What is it, Raji Reddy?
Why are you dancing in the dust with kids?
Come here. You might fall sick.
What do you mean?
Does it look like dust?
To me, it looks like
the ash on the Goddess Odela.
I don't understand. Speak clearly.
How many days has it been
since we saw a wedding
gathering in our village?
Only Lord Mallana knows how much
I suffered these past six months.
Our village is finally at peace
after Tirupati's death.
Yes.
Hey, Priest! I'm talking to you.
-Who is it?
-Come, let's have a drink.
Oh! You guys!
I'm coming!
What's this?
Why do you always settle under the tree?
Local brew by day,
branded liquor by night?
Have this.
I must fix an auspicious time
for his sister-in-law's wedding night.
This was a little too strong.
You knew I liked her since childhood,
yet you saw to it that
she got married happily!
Look at you!
Ask your uncle Maika Raji Reddy, who
sold six acres to get a U.S. return groom.
I just chant mantras for 30 minutes.
There's no use yelling at me.
That's just my fate!
In childhood, when Yamini cried,
I used to wipe her nose with my shirt.
When she wanted tamarind,
I’d smash it open for her.
When she asked for Jujube fruits,
I'd got them for her.
When she wanted guava,
I'd cut it for her.
Now got all ready,
looking as fresh as an apple!
How can I give her up?
We grow plants at home.
But offer the flowers to God.
Your uncle set up a buffalo farm
for you because you weren't studious.
The buffaloes are ours.
But we sell the milk to the hotel.
-That's it.
-Yes, uncle.
Dubai Shankar is in Dubai.
I'm going to his home every day.
That doesn't make her my wife!
You discard your shirt at home
and your
lungi
outside!
But I'm ready to sacrifice
my life for her.
I planted that mango tree.
Am I not eating those mangoes?
I planted
chitti mutyala
rice at the farm,
am I not reaping the benefits?
But I won't leave her.
What do we do now?
Haven't you seen
those web series on OTTs?
A dead person comes back to life.
I'll rape her.
I'll make them believe that
dead Tirupati is the culprit.
Hey!
What nonsense are you talking about?
Don’t blurt out outrageous things
just because you're drunk.
I don't want your alcohol
or your friendship!
[together] Priest uncle!
[all] Priest!
Every time I drink something,
and I instantly need to pee!
Come!
I’ll make you
live through burial punishment!
I'll show you!
What's this, Priest?
I thought you'd bless the girl
and send them inside.
Why did you switch off your phone?
My phone ran out of battery.
Everything is over for you.
These guys are very eager
to get on with it!
Bless them and send them
in before it’s too late!
May everything you desire be fulfilled.
Priest, take those vegetables and rice.
Okay.
Wow, baby!
Is this skin or silk?
You are slipping away from my grasp.
You are gorgeous!
Don't you have even one birthmark?
Why only one?
There are nine!
Nine birthmarks?!
Then, I'll start my romance with counting!
The first on the lower lip.
The second one is on the neck.
Third, on the armpit.
The fourth one is below.
The fifth one is a mole on the navel.
The sixth one is on the hip curve.
The seventh is on the left.
Where is the eighth one?
I found it!
Eighth one on your back!
And ninth?
You are wrong. There are only eight.
I searched harder than Google!
No! There are nine of them.
Accept that you are a loser.
Then, I'll reveal the ninth--
Hey, Priest!
Have you lost your mind?
Why did you come into the room?
Have you lost your senses?
What's with the look?
Will you make us do it
under your supervision? Leave!
Get out!
Go!
Hey, Priest! Do you know
what you are doing?
If my dad finds out, he'll kill you.
How can a dead person die again?!
What do you mean?
Tirupati!
You two were talking about
something before I got here.
Tell me what it is.
Tell me!
Tell me.
I told him I have nine birthmarks.
He counted one by one
and found eight of them.
I'll tell you where the ninth one is!
One.
I'll leave. Let me go.
I'll leave.
Mika Raji Reddy brother!
Move! Leave way.
Hey! Take him to the hospital.
-I want to talk to sir.
-Send the body for a post-mortem.
-Let me go.
-Send the evidence to forensics.
-Hey! What happened?
-Sir.
I don't know, sir.
I forgot my mobile phone.
I came back to get it.
There was chaos inside.
When I went in to check,
the girl was dead, sir!
-Did you see anyone?
-I didn't see anyone, I swear on my mom!
Oh!
-You didn't see anyone?
-No, sir.
You saw no one in the house?
Hey! Put the priest in the jeep.
Please let me go, sir.
I'm innocent.
I swear on my mother, sir!
I’m innocent.
No, sir. Don't!
Sir, I promise I didn't do anything.
-I didn't do anything, sir.
-Who did it?
Who's responsible?
If you pull the hair,
you could pull out a handful.
How did you pull off the scalp?
I remember it now, sir.
I was returning from a priestly ceremony...
when Jangam Ravi, who was drinking
under the banyan tree called me over, sir.
Don't hit me.
Please don't hurt me, sir.
What have you done?
You got her guava when she was young.
You raped your sister-in-law
just because she looks fresh like an apple?
I was not in my senses
when I said it, sir.
You were responsible for everything.
You are trying to convince people
that Tirupati’s ghost is behind all this.
302.
Get four pestle stones and
four grinding mortars.
Why, sir?
To grind you all into a fine chutney.
[all] Sir!
[in Hindi] Don't be afraid.
Nothing will happen to your daughter.
She'll be fine.
She’s acting like she’s
possessed by a ghost since three days.
She’s actually
under a ghost’s possession, Ilaiah.
But as long as I'm in this village,
not just your daughter...
no other girl will be affected.
Throw the hen at the village border.
-Hello?
-Bro, did you take the Dish TV money?
No. These guys are always like this.
They never pay on time.
-I'll call you back.
-Alright, brother.
What are you saying, Venkatesh?
I saw it with my own eyes.
Raji Reddy's daughter went
through a terrible thing recently.
Why is he saying such things?
What's happening in Odela again?
My daughter's marriage.
I went to your house
to give the wedding invitation.
they said you're here. Take it.
A marriage at this time?
He's the son
of Jammikunta market chairman.
The girl is eager to marry.
It's not about that.
The situation in the village is not great.
The police have no clue
about who killed that girl.
And you are talking about marriage?
What's there to understand?
The priest has a drinking problem.
In his drunken state,
he might have raped and killed her.
No.
Something fishy is going on.
I'm scared that
there might be more deaths.
If you’re so scared,
you can skip the wedding.
I cannot say no to this alliance.
Uncle, please stay close
and take care of all the arrangements.
-Okay.
-Alright? See you.
You all are sleeping so peacefully?
The audacity of you all
to arrange marriages now!
The MPTC’s daughter
is getting married, huh?
Chandu, why did you
bring this bicycle here?
-How do I know?
-You drunkard!
I realized you haven't forgotten him
when you wore your brother's clothes.
You would have left it here
when you were drunk last night.
Do you think I am mad?
Aren't you?
My dear Tirupati.
I'm not sure which world
you've reached after your death.
I got mutton curry
from Katika Rajanna.
Eat to your full.
I got toddy for you from Dhulam Komuraiah.
Tirupati, I got
your favorite Ganesh tobacco.
That's all. Let's go.
How long will you sit here?
Are you going to wait till he finishes it?
It's almost nightfall, let's leave.
My son.
It has been six months since your demise,
but I still feel like you are
right in front of my eyes.
-Greetings!
-Why so late?
-I had some work.
Alright, come.
-What is this, sir?
-I've had enough.
-Your plate is empty.
-You please stop.
-Sir, please have some.
-Enough.
Those who have had food
should come to the presentation area.
Come to the announcement.
-Brother.
-What’s up, Mayanna?
-Greetings.
-Greetings, Mayanna.
-Looks like everything is grand.
-Yeah.
How many lambs were butchered?
People from all four neighboring
villages will attend.
At least 20 were butchered.
Everyone will talk about it.
Good job!
-See you.
-Okay.
Let’s give the present,
snap a photo, and wrap it up.
-Greetings Mayanna.
-Greetings. All well?
-Yes, all good.
-Write down 116 rupees.
Why the stare?
Write down 116.
What is this 116 rupees?
Why are you smiling?
You wore a Khadi shirt, but your gift
is 116 rupees. Isn't it funny?
What is this?
Hey, his party isn't in power.
-Perhaps their vault is empty.
-True.
If we cut corners during
road construction and lake fixing,
not just 20, we can butcher 40!
Looks like the Sarpanch is angry.
Why fight with our guest?
-No, no.
-Write down whatever he gives.
Who will start a fight here?
How much did you gift
when you came to our wedding?
The same 116.
We will also gift the same amount.
Anyone would do the same.
Why announce such a thing
and turn it into a laughing stock?
Come on, man.
You feel bad when announced,
not while writing it down?
Here you go.
Take this 1000 rupees and write
1116 rupees against Sarpanch’s name.
At least his respect will be retained.
Hey! Don't forget to write down
his party's name too.
Okay, brother.
Don't provoke me with party comments
when I'm staying silent!
Have I jumped parties
like you every five years?
40 years! I have been
in the same party for 40 years.
I held the same flag.
If you dare comment
on my political party,
I will pull your organs out
with my bare hands!
You are conducting a pathetic marriage.
How dare you!
Don't test my patience!
You are a pathetic soul, you idiot.
-How dare you?
-What's wrong with you?
-Talk with respect.
-What respect?
You dare come to my daughter’s wedding
and call it lousy?
Your kid's wedding was lousy!
What are you saying?
-That's why Tirupati,
-Take him away!
-assaulted and killed your daughter.
-Stop it!
How dare you talk about my daughter?
-Let me see how you conduct this marriage.
-What did you say?
Like you pick a new party
every five years,
your daughter will
keep changing the groom.
How dare you!
You dare go against me, huh?
Throw him outside.
You invited me to the wedding
and insulted me.
This wedding is doomed!
Your daughter's life will be
ruined worse than my daughter's.
Throw him out.
Leave me.
Let's decide who is better today!
Throw him out!
-Only one of us should live today.
-Out!
Stop it.
-What happened, Mayanna?
-Stop.
You want me to control my anger, fine.
But my pee too?
Wait while I relieve myself.
Mayanna!
Go this way. It's all dirty that side.
Shut up, you!
You Mayya!
Come!
You Tirupati.
When you were alive, you made
the whole village pee from fear.
Now, the whole village is peeing on you.
I wish you were alive to see this!
That MTPC guy's daughter
would have experienced
the same fate as mine.
Today is her first night.
It would have been
her last night as well.
You Mayya!
You came to me
at the right time!
Little birdie!
This is how you've planned?
Maize farm, during the night hour,
surrounded by the fence,
with a cot on the ground...
How am I going to stop myself?
My village, my farmland.
The place where I roamed
while holding my mother's hand.
The place where I played with my father.
The place where I plucked
corn, roasted it, and ate it.
I am very happy.
Many spend their first night
in the Maldives.
Ours is on our island, like this.
-Isn't it a lifetime memory?
-Yeah, it is.
Full moon above me.
My Vanilla beside me.
Then how do I stop?
Let's do it!
Let's start with a romantic story.
Romantic story?
Once upon a time, in a village,
there was a milk beauty like you,
and a brown boy like me.
Both of them got married.
During the first night,
the girl told the boy,
"Look at your hand and my body.
Look at your beard and my glamour."
The whole village knows
what happened after that.
I asked for a romantic story, not horror.
By the way, what was his name?
Tirupati!
Hey, who are you?
Uncle, why are you saying
you are Tirupati?
No, uncle. Don't come closer.
It is me, Swetha.
Whom are you calling uncle?
Uncle, please don't.
Tell me the romantic story he told you.
Tell me. Tell me.
-Don't.
-Tell me!
-Oh no!
-Swetha.
Such a tragedy!
My dear.
You were like my mother.
-Oh God!
-Oh no!
Swetha!
-What a tragedy!
-My child!
My child...
My dear, my dear daughter.
My Swetha!
-Swetha!
-Go get him.
Namah Sivaya
10,00,000.
10 lakhs?
Is that the death count
in Odela under Kalakeya?
Shiva!
Bhairavi's angry phase has begun.
Evil is going to become good.
When Bhairavi completes chanting
Lord Shiva's name 100 crore times.
Yes? What is going
to happen in that moment?
The wishes of many generations
will come true!
The long wait of millenniums
will come to an end.
You mean...
a miracle is going to happen?
Time is the answer
for everything, Shiva.
God is the only eternal truth!
Hey, ACP! What's the update
on that murder case?
I'm going there, sir.
I'll sort it out, sir.
I'll give you the entire report, sir.
How could you kill her like that?
Please leave him,
at least you guys tell them.
You bloody sarpanch.
Sir, please don't.
Tell them not to.
It will become a problem
if the higher-ups find out, MPTC.
Our department will handle it.
Leave him.
What will you handle?
There have been many deaths
so far. What have you done?
What will you do now?
Why do you think we brought
them here and tied them up?
To beat them to death!
What is this, Mayanna?
Though we're not siblings,
I called you brother and served
you tea every time you came home.
My daughter called you 'Uncle'
and sat on your lap.
How could you touch her?
You set her on fire!
She is nothing but ash now. Oh my God!
I am not that kind of a person!
No matter how many
political issues we had,
why would I do such a heinous thing?
She was like a daughter to me!
We brought her up
without letting the soil touch her feet.
You named her "Yamini",
when she was born.
Took care of her.
You did a ritual for her,
because her horoscope had a flaw.
You stayed next to her
and fixed her time of death!
No, I did not.
I don't know anything.
I didn't do anything.
I swear on my wife and kids!
I swear on the Odela Mallanna!
I got down and went to pee.
I didn't do anything!
I don't know what happened after that.
They won't believe you!
No one will believe us!
All the villagers just hit us
with stones and kill us instead.
Kill us!
-They won't kill us. They won't!
-Kill us!
We have to die on our own.
Priest! Priest!
Hey! Check him.
-Hey, Priest! Priest!
-Priest, stand up.
Don't. Don't.
-Remove your hand.
-Stop it.
Stop it.
You don't have to die!
You didn't kill anyone!
Then who killed her?
The mistake made by this village!
Tell us clearly.
Venkatesh, play
the CCTV footage on the TV.
Pittala Aylaiah's daughter was possessed.
Do you know what this
dish Venkatesh saw
that night, when they were
returning from offering a sacrifice?
Who ate that black hen?
Why is the cycle that should be inside
the house roaming around the village?
Those who used to deliver milk to the Milk
Association early in the morning,
why did they stop going, claiming
they heard noises from the graveyard?
What are you saying, Allah Bakhsh?
Do you mean...
Yes, what you are thinking is correct.
Tirupati is dead
but his soul is still alive!
You punished yourself
by giving him the burial punishment.
He is possessing them
to fulfill his unfulfilled desires!
-Sir.
-Lock him up.
What are you saying, sir?
He's Allah Bakhsh!
He is this village's protector.
Yes, sir.
He's the only one who protects us
from the wandering souls,
the spirits and ghosts!
-He protects the village and all of us!
-Shut up!
We are in 2025.
Why do you believe in ghosts?
You're using Tirupati
as an excuse to escape punishment!
They should be
in the lock-up. Why are they here?
The entire village will be imprisoned
if you take the law into your own hands!
I have been seeing them
since my childhood, sir.
Our priest only knows to chant mantras,
not to commit murders.
Mayanna may be into politics,
but how can we believe
that he raped someone?
What?
Are you trying to rescue them?
I'm trying to protect the village.
You are trying to convince us
with ghost stories?
You must believe, sir!
Because belief is of two kinds.
A believer believes in the temple,
and a non-believer trusts superstition!
The same people who believe that
light is God, are afraid of the darkness.
A heart filled with courage
can still hold cowardice.
Encountering a cat is considered
inauspicious, but a cow is auspicious.
Both are animals, sir!
If you take a breath, it is life.
If you stop breathing, it is death.
It's the same air!
If it hits you, you go crazy.
That is called a spirit.
An evil spirit.
In this village,
it’s also called Tirupati!
Stop your empty words.
What evil spirit!
I will prove there are
no such things as ghosts or evil spirits!
You don't have to come
to the station to report a crime.
I will set up a tent
and sit near Tirupati's grave.
I will prove to you all
that the blame on Tirupati
is a plan they made to protect these guys.
All of you can leave now.
Come back in the morning.
I don't need security here. Go.
It's not safe, sir. Please.
-Think again.
-I don't need security.
Okay, sir. Send everyone away.
-Hey, 302!
-Sir?
While coming in the morning,
-get some good tea.
-[both] Okay, sir.
-Okay, sir.
-We'll see you tomorrow.
[singing] Come on, darling!
Let's see what you got!
Sir?
I brought your tea.
Sir!
Sir.
Spirit, huh?
What bullshit!
That Tirupati killed the ACP.
Allah Baksh brother,
that Tirupati killed the ACP.
Mom, where did he go?
Radha, your village people
have come to meet you.
I have taken special permission
to allow you all to meet. Make it quick.
How are you, Radha?
I'm okay, brother.
How is the village, brother?
Burial punishment.
Oh my God!
What have you done, brother?
Why the burial punishment, brother?
Is this why I became a widow?
I killed him to punish him.
But you punished and kept him alive!
We made a mistake, Radha.
You must tell us if you
have any idea of how to escape him.
It was you who saved us then.
Only you can save us now!
Only Bhairavi can save you now!
Your sister Bhairavi?
-When she was a child...
-She ran away from home.
The whole village knows that.
But the reason she ran away
is known only to my family.
My sister Bhairavi likes Bapamma.
Bapamma likes Lord Shiva.
She also liked the discourse
about Shiva's powers given
by the saint from Ramagiri Fort.
The mistake you made is getting stuck
in the bonds of the family.
A girl gets her first period
at the age of 12.
Later, her periods stop
at the age of 55 to 58.
Whichever girl preserves her virginity
from her first period till its end,
and follows celibacy
and stays away from married life,
and chants
Shiva Panchakshari mantra 110 crore times
that girl will be graced by
Lord Shiva's appearance!
We realized how deeply
those words of the saint affected her,
only after she turned 18.
I don't like it.
I don't like marriage.
I want to follow Bapamma's path.
I am going in search of Lord Shiva.
Don't come in search of me.
I don't want the trouble
of marriage and children.
I want to be one with the Supreme.
Assume that I am dead.
I won't come back even if I die.
A few days after we learned that,
we lost our parents.
After that, her language
and attire changed completely.
The name, Bhavani, changed to Bhairavi.
Shiva Satti became Shiva Shakti.
In the Himalayan snow mountains,
many saints became her disciples
because of her sincere devotion.
Barefoot.
It won't touch the ground.
Infallible body.
A mind cleansed by fire.
Her breath became one
with her Shiva prayer.
She joined the Kashi Agoras
and became a Naga Sadhu.
She spends her time near the
Jyotirlingas...
is what we heard.
Now...
How do we meet her?
There's a ruined Shiva temple
in the foothills of Ramagiri Fort.
That used to be
our Bapamma's favorite temple.
I heard my sister visits there every year
in time for Bapamma's death anniversary.
My sister is our only refuge now.
[Sanskrit shloka]
Brother.
Have you seen a Naga sadhu
named Bhairavi around here?
-No, brother.
-[all] Yay!
Where are they taking the cows?
Go, go, go! Run faster!
Hey, look at that.
-Look at that!
-Come, come, come.
Hey, faster, man.
Driver faster.
It's running very nicely.
Look, look at how
your calf is running.
The calf comes rolling through the dust.
Not just humans, even cows
seem to have a heart.
Are you saying it like that?
If that's the case,
then let's test it.
How big is the heart?
-How much love it has?
-Let's see. Come!
It's not even ten days since its birth.
-Come, come.
-Why is it coming with such a force?
-Come.
-Hey, drive faster.
-[All] Look, look.
-See your baby.
-Run, run, run.
-See how it's running.
-[All] Look.
-Have you seen how your baby is?
Come, come! Come running.
Come, come running.
-Look.
-Come on. Come.
-Tired already?
-Keep running.
Run. Run.
Look, your calf is unable to run.
-Hold tight, hold.
-Tie it.
Stop.
What are these guys doing?
Why aren't you stopping them?
Hit it.
Why are these mad fellows
beating a cow to a pulp?
Are you going to kill it?
How can we not kill it?
Oh my Lord Shiva!
Hey! Who are you?
We will get to know each other later.
First, drop the cow
from where you stole her.
Killing a cow is a sin.
You!
Just because you dress like Shiva Sakthi,
will not make you God Shiva!
Now, let's see who is going
to say that killing you is a sin.
You will die.
I will spare you...
if you spare the cow.
I will spare them, not you!
You need Goddess Bhumatha to stand on...
and Goddess Goumatha to live.
You don't have to kill them for a living.
You can make a living
by selling her urine.
Are you asking us to sell urine?
How dare you!
Mahadeva.
If you dare lay your hands on any cow,
or your knives touch any neck,
your heads will roll!
Hey! Hey!
Bhairavi, dear!
100,000.
We've been pleading for the past
24 hours. Won't you show mercy?
There's no use even if you
stand here for 24 days.
There are no crops
or festivals in the village.
There is no sign of happiness
on anyone's face.
Please think about our village!
Lord Vishwanatha is mine.
This universe is my village.
Your sister is in jail.
Your family is on the streets.
Life and death, and happiness and sorrow
are the fruits of your actions.
You must bear it.
The punishment you gave
has turned into your own punishment.
In Odela, we share all
our troubles with Lord Mallanna.
But his temple doesn't have a priest now.
The Lord has become voiceless.
[both] We made a mistake.
While you all enjoyed
three meals a day,
you didn't remember
to worship the Lord even once a day!
The Lord must show us the way
when we devotees make mistakes, right?
This town needs to be rescued
either by Lord Bhairava or you, Bhairavi.
♪ O Mother! Goddess Nagamma!
Please save us! ♪
Bhairavi.
I think she's forgotten us.
The Lingam fell from my hands...
it means that it's time for me
to unite with Lord Shiva.
Om Namah Shivaya.
Bapamma!
Bapamma! Please wake up.
Bapamma! Wake up.
Bapamma!
The people trusted me.
Please bless their faith, Bapamma!
Don't come!
Don't come near me!
Hey! No!
No! Don't come!
The only thing that stops
a turbulent soul is restraint.
Chandrika.
Mother!
The trident.
Hey! Leave!
LEAVE!
Hey!
Don’t come! No! No!
No! Hey!
Leave!
HEY!
Through
Tantric mantra
ritual.
Hey! No!
Leave!
To bind the soul for a fortnight,
you must gather a few things.
Please let us know what you need, mother!
I need four Nandis which have been
worshipped in Lord Jangamaiah's temple.
Shiva is the lord of the graveyard.
According to
Shiva Purana,
Lord of demons
has 18
Sivaganas,
such as
bootha, pretha,
yakshini, daakini, gandharva
and so on.
After Ganapati, Nandeeshwara
is the chief of all those
Ganas.
Not just the Gods,
but even the souls need His permission.
I need nine grains
that have not changed hands.
Planetary favor is as important
to souls as it is to human beings.
These nine grains symbolize
those nine planets.
The purpose of binding these
nine grains is to weaken that strength.
I also need flowing water
of the river Ganga.
In Hinduism, it is believed that bathing
in the river Ganga washes away sins,
and mixing ashes in it
brings peace to the souls.
That's why we need Ganga water.
Goda.
We'll bind using the matted hair
and nerves of the Naga sadhus
who spent hundreds of years
in Tantric education using skulls.
The spirit's movements are blocked.
Today is the new moon
of the
Margashira
month.
Shukla Paksha
begins tomorrow.
Tirupati's evil spirit will weaken
before the end of this
Shukla Paksha.
Until then, these four Nandis will
protect the four sides of your village.
If these Nandis move, or if
the nine grains lose their freshness,
or even if the shadow
of a human being falls on this,
it'll be impossible even for God
to stop the evil spirit's havoc.
During these 15 days,
one person from each family
must take turns to guard the grave.
Even birds or animals
shouldn't cross the line.
After that, if we exhume
the corpse and burn it,
Kapalamoksha is attained.
Shivoham.
Mother!
Please stay with us for these 15 days.
Please leave only after
the Kapalamoksha, Mother.
Okay.
Make living arrangements
for me in the Mallanna temple.
Okay, Mother!
♪ Parameshwara has descended
In all his glory ♪
♪ The Kumbh Mela
Is our daily festival ♪
♪ He became the sacred Om
The primal sound ♪
♪ Shiva himself, the radiant Shiva Linga ♪
What is happening in Odela?
Surrounding places like Vavilala,
Gumpula, Indurthi, Pothkapalli, Gudem,
everyone in Kalvasrirampur Mandal
has only confusion.
What’s been happening
in Odela over the past few days?
None of the villagers
have been leaving lately,
and no outsiders are coming in.
Why was Tirupati punished
with burial punishment?
Hey! Hey!
It's going close to the tree. Watch out!
Oh my!
Oh no! It fell, dude!
The drone is worth four lakhs, dude!
Keep running.
-It's a drone, dude!
-Wait, wait!
Brother. It's me.
Didn't you recognize me?
Oh! You're Satyam from City Channel,
Kalvasrirampur. What's the matter?
My drone fell into the grave while
shooting a video in the outskirts.
I came to recover it.
You guys aren't aware
of what's happening in this village.
If you cross that line,
our village won't exist next to yours.
You don't get it, dude.
The drone is worth four lakhs.
The lives of four people
are worth more than four lakhs.
-Get lost!
-You're not understanding.
We'll pick it up in a jiffy.
Will you leave, or should I call
the villagers and the police?
Please don't be angry, bro.
We're leaving.
Keep moving, then.
Why are you staring at me?
-Keep moving from here.
-Yeah! We're leaving.
Brother!
30, 000
How did I leave
someone like her till now!
I’ve been after
sour tamarinds this whole time.
How gorgeous you are
in those wet clothes.
Come, come, come!
Come! Come, damn you!
Hey! Come!
Come!
Where is she?
What the hell?
Do you think you
can protect this village?
Oh!
Nagu, Naga sadhu!
Is this all your doing?
What's your nuisance in my Odela?
Even the village leaders
turned a blind eye to everything!
What can you do?
Rudra!
May all bad omens be averted.
If you wrongly utter one more word,
I'll rip you apart.
Beware!
I'm the daughter of this Odela.
Remember that!
What?
You think you're strong?
A dog guarding
a pile of dead bodies!
A beggar who holds a begging bowl.
Having snakes and skulls around the neck,
covering the body with ash,
roaming villages and graveyards
without proper clothes.
He's a God?
And you are
his devotee, Shiva Shakti, huh?
Silence!
The one-letter form of
Parabrahma,
the one who has a serpent ornament,
he's the one who
can crush demons' ego,
the savior of the innocent,
destroyer of the wicked!
Get lost!
You're a fragile woman
who can't live without a man.
What can you really do?
Ayodhya, Mathura, Maya,
Kasi, Kanchi, Avanthika!
Don't challenge the one who did penance
in those seven holy places, you devil!
Are you ready to fight the devil?
I'll show the real meaning
of havoc to this village!
I'll do penance to please the devil.
Not just living beings,
I will embrace all five elements!
I'll destroy the earth and bring famine.
I'll feed them like Goddess Shatakshi.
I will surround Odela with poisonous air.
I will swallow that poison
like Lord Garalakanta.
I will burn the place like fire.
I will cover the fire
like Lord Nitalaksha.
I'll drown this place with floods
like the ferocious Ganga.
I will block it like
the Govardhana mountain.
I'll cover this place
with darkness and spare no one!
I will break through
the darkness like Sudarshana chakra.
You and your people will have to chant
dead bodies' names
instead of Shiva's name!
As long as I’m in Odela,
you won’t even dare
touch a blade of grass!
The air becomes a hurricane,
the dust becomes ashes.
The spirits will stand as the Lord Shiva!
Till the event of Kapalamoksha,
if you come out of that pit again,
I'll destroy your soul!
Not hours,
count seconds.
Let's decide who's better,
the soul or the Supreme!
Let's decide!
15 DAYS LATER
Radhamma's arrival during
pedda patnam
is also because of His greatness.
The village is going to be free
from my husband's torture.
Celebrate
Patnalu
like a grand festival.
On the second Sunday of July,
that is, on the 14th
of the seventh month,
the time when the new moon ends
and the full moon fortnight starts,
that is exactly the day
when we will be free from him!
This time, we shall celebrate
Pedda Patnam
on a grand scale
with 40 feet of
Chilaka Patnam
.
[chanting in Sanskrit]
Hey, Bhairavi!
As the weddings
in your houses had to stop,
are you performing
the wedding of Mallanna?
How dare you to bind me?
Come!
Damn you!
Why are you glaring like that?
Did you think you subdued me?
Do you know I got out?
Ya, Va, Shri, Ma, Na!
I no longer need
a human body to transform.
Do you want to see it?
Do you all want to see it?
Do you want to see me?
Damn you!
How dare you bind me?
Watch now!
If a soul takes the form of its mighty form!
See what it looks like! Watch!
Watch now!
I'm in this air!
I'm in that fire!
I'm in that water!
Hey, Bhairavi!
The Pedda Patnams in your village
will not be filled with colors,
but with your blood.
Remember that!
If Lord Shiva was
your strength all these days,
I'll be your fear from now on!
If you are the mantra,
I'll be the tantra!
Air, water, fire, earth, and sky
are but servants to my being.
You won't bind me anymore,
I'll bind the whole village now!
I'm binding Odela!
From now onwards,
no one in this village
whether young, old,
male, female, children... No one!
No one should cross that line!
No school or temple.
No work or crops!
Destruction!
It's Odela's mass destruction!
Didn't I warn you?
If I hear any sound, you'll die!
♪ The village has
Four directions, they say ♪
♪ But its people♪
♪ Are lost, with no direction at all ♪
♪ Lord Shiva! ♪
♪ Oh Lord Shiva! ♪
♪ O Vemulawada Rajanna
Come to us! ♪
♪ Komuravelli Mallanna, wake up! ♪
♪ Odela ♪
♪ O Odela Mallanna, please come... ♪
♪ Come wipe away these tears ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Come, Mallanna
Come to us, Mallanna ♪
♪ Up north
Even Hanuman sits in silence ♪
♪ Down south
Rama watches like a rock ♪
♪ In the west
Mother Poshamma stays quiet ♪
♪ The one who rules
The three worlds ♪
♪ Even the three-eyed lord
of the three worlds ♪
♪ Is struck silent ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Come, Mallanna
Come to us, Mallanna ♪
♪ In this dark home, shattered memories
Are all that remain of a weary life ♪
♪ Lives trapped like lone birds
In a locked-up cage ♪
♪ Lives have turned motionless ♪
♪ Sobbing and sobbing ♪
♪ Sobbing and sobbing
Our voices dried up ♪
♪ Please show up atleast now ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Come, Mallanna
Come to us, Mallanna ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Come, Mallanna
Come to us, Mallanna ♪
-Hara Hara Mahadeva!
-Shivaiah!
-Bholashankara!
-Shamboshankara!
-Mahadeva!
-Basavaiah!
Rage is foolishness, Shiva!
Isn't it a crime to leave Bhairavi alone
and watch the show, Gurudev?
But if a Naga saint really wanted to,
couldn’t she stop that scoundrel?
What is the Lord testing her, Gurudev?
Don't be naive, Shiva!
Even the Sun God becomes weak
at the time of the eclipse.
To end Tirupati
who possessed all the five elements,
we must unite
the power of the five lingas.
For that great sacrifice to take place,
doesn't Bhairavi need a weapon, Gurudev?
The axe is the weapon of
Parusuram.
The spine is the weapon of
Dhadheechi.
But Bhairavi's weapon is going to be
the
Panchakshari
on her tongue.
How can Bhairavi figure
out this logic, Gurudev?
Patience.
You have seen the battles
being won with weapons.
For the first time in
Kalyuga,
you'll witness a battle
won by the power of
Panchakshari.
She won't fight!
She will be prepared by Shiva.
She'll not win this war
with her strength, but with her devotion.
Dear!
What has happened to you, dear?
Save her, Mother!
-Save her, Save her!
-What happened?
What happened to the child?
She has had Asthma from her childhood.
She wanted to go to school
and put her life at risk.
We can't cross the line
to take her to the hospital.
But she doesn't know that!
Mother!
I heard that you possess some powers.
Please save my daughter's life!
Please keep her alive.
It's not me who can
save your daughter...
It's Radha.
Me?
Giving birth creates a bond
greater than shared blood.
Even greater than that is the bond
of marriage. It is sacred!
Use that power to untie this binding.
How?
Use your position as his wife
to distract him.
I'll weaken his restraint over the village
using the
panchakshari.
If we can join forces
to save that child's life,
we'll be breathing life
into this village's belief.
As the chants of Namah Shivaya echo
through the mic,
he’ll tremble and grow weak.
At that moment, they can cross the line.
Tirupati! You made a mistake.
I made a bigger mistake by killing you.
[starts chanting]
If I hadn't killed you,
all this would never have happened.
The village wouldn't have suffered.
You wouldn't be in such great pain.
Everything is my fault!
Listen, Tirupati.
I'm here, just as you wished.
Hey! Cut the power off.
It seems to be a sandstorm.
Okay. I'll cut it.
I wore my wedding saree,
just like you prefer.
I even wore the bangles you like.
I sprayed your favorite perfume.
Look at this!
Even this
thaali
you tied
doesn’t melt your heart?
Come, Tirupati.
Please come and kill me!
But spare this village.
Come, Tirupati.
Come and kill me! Come!
What happened?
Did you cut the power line?
I'm getting continuous calls
from the higher-ups.
I'm on it, brother.
Damn you!
Where are you going?
Wait, Tirupati.
Wait!
Tirupati!
Where are you going?
Wait, Tirupati.
Damn you!
You betrayed me again.
The entire village hatched a plan
to save a girl's life, huh?
Do you all want to see
how it's like when the girl beheads you?
Do you want to see?
Life, death, joy, sorrow,
and the fruit of your actions
must all be endured.
They're saying you're following
in Bapamma's footprints.
That you're a Shiva Shakti,
and a Naga Sadhu, huh?
So why are you at my feet?
Did a shiver run down your spine
and a cold fever
rush through your veins?
You're turning the village barren
and piling up dead bodies.
The village can't bear it anymore!
What can we do to calm your anger?
I knelt and begged,
pleading to be spared.
Yet, no one in this village
listened to me.
By giving a burial
punishment to my dead body,
they made my soul suffer
immense agony.
Will I let them go?
I'm apologizing for their mistake.
Your family ended up on the streets,
and now you killed your own wife.
What will make your anger subside?
What should this village
do to appease your anger?
The village doesn’t have to do
anything. It's you!
Since you hit puberty at twelve,
you’ve been nurturing
and hiding your beauty.
Now, lay it at my feet.
You've grown up to be desirable.
Now, abandon your Shiva.
And I will let go of my anger.
I will liberate your virginity
that is longing for the three-eyed One
with my masculinity.
I will indulge with you intensely
until blood oozes from your sweat pores,
and fulfill my revenge on this village.
This soul, Tirupati’s soul,
promises you!
Abandon your path to salvation,
and I will bring
liberation to this village.
What? Are you thinking?
You can't abandon
your Shiva, can you?
I'm... ready.
Then get ready like a bride.
On that side, Peddha Patnam,
and on this side, I'm by your side.
Hold on, dear.
Don't go into the village.
Go that way.
We made a mistake.
Bringing you here was our mistake.
We thought God existed.
We thought there were Shiva Shaktis
like you who believe in God.
But there's no God.
He said he'll destroy the village.
He won't quit until
he turns Odela into a burial ground.
You go away, dear.
Go your own way.
-You're mistaken, uncle.
-Not at all, my dear.
What wrong
did your poor sister Radha do
that he brutally killed her
on the village outskirts,
like an offering to Poshamma?
What God are you talking about?
God doesn't exist.
He doesn't.
He doesn't exist!
God doesn't exist.
Dear.
He exists.
Shiva is here.
We’re here and alive...
only because of Shiva.
Without his command,
you wouldn’t come to me,
and I wouldn’t go near that grave.
Lord Shiva
will protect this village.
What protection are we
talking about?
After losing you,
what's the use of this village?
Why don't the entire village
hang themselves?
There is no Shiva.
He doesn't exist.
If He did, He would have
come to protect the village, wouldn't He?
There is no Shiva.
Shiva is not there.
Shiva doesn't exist!
You said He doesn't exist.
What did we hear?
Wasn't that
Omkara?
Don’t you hear
Omkara
in that child’s wailing?
The formless Brahma,
the essence of the Vedas,
permeates the three worlds...
Omkara
is all there is.
In every sound,
in every silence,
in every object,
in the void,
in every form
and formlessness,
there is nothing but
Omkara.
He is the one who dwells everywhere.
He resides in the whole universe.
It is His divine command.
He will protect his people.
Namah Shivaya.
THOUSAND
♪ O Vemulawada Rajanna
Please come ♪
♪ Komuravelli Mallanna, wake up! ♪
♪ Odela ♪
♪ O Odela Mallanna
Please come ♪
♪ Come wipe away these tears ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Come, Mallanna
Come to us, Mallanna ♪
♪ Heard it when I was little
And let go of all else ♪
♪ Bapamma's words are Bhairavi’s path
Are you listening, Bairaagi? ♪
♪ Stories of hopes and dreams
Have shattered to tears ♪
♪ Praying... ♪
♪ Hold my praying heart close to you ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Where's your charm, Mallanna?
Where's your divine play, Mallanna? ♪
♪ O Vemulawada Rajanna
Come to us! ♪
♪ Komuravelli Mallanna, wake up! ♪
♪ Odela ♪
♪ O Odela Mallanna, please come ♪
♪ Come wipe away these tears ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Where's your charm, Mallanna
Where's your divine play, Mallanna ♪
♪ Oh oh Mallanna
Oh oh Mallanna ♪
♪ Where's your charm, Mallanna?
Where's your divine play, Mallanna? ♪
She’s not foolish enough to say
Namah Shivaya to me.
She was trying to say something.
Namah Shivaya.
Shivaya Namah.
Na... Ma... Shi...
Namah Shivaya is
five letters, Venkatesh.
'Na' represents the Earth,
'Ma' represents water,
'Shi' represents fire,
'Va' represents air,
and 'Ya' represents the sky.
The five syllables cover
the five elements of nature.
Tirupati's soul controls
the five syllables and the five elements.
What's the connection
between the two, brother?
Namah Shivaya.
Why did she say
'Namah Shivaya' in that way?
This gesture means salvation.
Salvation means death.
Salvation to whom?
For the village? Or for him?
Who will get salvation?
Kapalamoksha.
Who didn't attain
Kapalamoksha
?
Tirupati.
We gave him the burial punishment, right?
Kapalamoksha
was denied.
It's clear to me.
Now, I understand.
Kapalamoksham!
What's going on here, Gurudeva?
Bhairavi has maintained her celibacy as
an embodiment of Shiva's feminine energy.
Why is she giving up everything
for the village's sake?
Will she achieve her goal
if she loses her celibacy?
Lord Shiva doesn't value
celibacy... he values sacrifice.
Kannappa offered his eyes, and Siriyala
sacrificed his son and became legendary.
The test of devotion
isn't love but sacrifice.
Who will Tirupati's soul possess now?
What is it going to do?
"I embody both love and death."
"I am the test and the solution."
Watch Lord Shiva's divine play
unfolding through his devotees.
Damn!
Ripe! You are so ripe for the taking.
What is it?
What is happening?
You, along with Allah Bakhsh
and the villagers, are up to something.
What is it?
On one side, you are worshipping
Lord Shiva with
Pedda Patnalu.
On the other, you are digging my grave.
All the villagers together are
going to do something!
You idiots!
With this village as a witness,
with these people as witnesses,
I will enjoy you!
I will enjoy!
Namah Shivaya.
Tirupati became a dead body.
Dead body got
burial punishment, which was hell.
Due to that, his soul
became an evil spirit
and came back for vengeance!
Look! This is the result of that!
Lord Shiva, Shankaraiah, Basavaiah,
Sambaiah, Janagamaiah. Damn!
He has as many names
as the villagers' names in Odela.
Let him come and protect her.
From children to the elderly, everyone
must witness what I do to her.
They should keep their eyes
wide open and see.
If any of you dare close your eyes...
I will toy with your dead bodies!
It’s not him you should be
offering
Pedda Patnam,
Offer them to me.
The smell.
Your damn scent.
You are fresher than
turmeric or vermilion!
Namah Shivaya.
Why are you chanting
Namah Shivaya?
It is Tirupati who will enjoy you.
I should be on top of you,
with my name on your lips!
Only my name!
Namah Shivaya.
Again with the same noise!
Mallana isn't the one
who won over death.
It's Tirupati who's alive
even after he died!
Say, "Tirupati!"
Hey!
Die, damn you!
♪ Heard it when I was little
And let go of all else ♪
♪ Bapamma's words are Bhairavi’s path
Are you listening, Bairaagi? ♪
♪ Stories of hopes and dreams... ♪
If you die,
I will still enjoy your corpse.
♪ Praying... ♪
♪ Hold my praying heart close to you ♪
Once. Just once.
One last time.
Complete your words, my dear.
Tirupati, spare her.
Brother.
Please spare the poor woman.
Spare her!
No, my dear. Don't.
Sister, wake up. Wake up!
Wake up!
Little girl!
Wake up, sister. Wake up!
Wake up! Please! Wake up, sister.
Hey! Are you going to save her now?
Ask Him to come!
In these surroundings, if anyone is
in trouble, they come to Lord Shiva.
If He is in trouble, where will they go?
Bhairavi sister came here for us.
If Bhairavi sister dies,
then faith will die with her!
My mother told me that
you can hear if I talk in his ear.
If you are there, and you hear me,
come and save Bhairavi sister.
If you don't come now,
then don't come ever again!
Lord Mallanna. Lord Mallanna!
-Lord Mallanna.
-Odela's Lord Mallanna.
-Odela's savior, Mallanna.
-Savior Mallanna.
-Lord Mallanna.
-Odela's savior, Mallanna.
You came to protect this village.
But this
Nandi
came to protect you?
I’m going to choke the life out of this
whole village, right in front of you!
I'll unite
mantra, tantra, yantra
and all other evil forces
and turn the Mallanna temple
into a graveyard in the next 60 seconds!
[chanting shloka]
[chanting Shloka]
He is still alive
despite Lord Nandi's arrival!
Be it Nandi or
Nagadevatha...
They're all His followers!
It's all His game.
For Kapalamoksha to happen,
the Lord of the Kapalas needs to descend.
Na...
Ma...
Shi...
Va...
Ya...
Look over there.
♪ Hara! ♪
♪ Mahadeva! ♪
♪ Mahadev! ♪
♪ Mallanna, come to us! ♪
♪ O primal form of the origin
O true vision of the universe ♪
♪ O support of all worlds
Is even this form of God impermanent?
♪ You are Shiva and Shakti together ♪
♪ O Mallanna, come down to us ♪
♪ Every atom is rage itself
And strangeness is its nature ♪
♪ Destruction is its expression
"Dinta Dinta Dimita" is the cry of death ♪
♪ The end is inhuman
And stopping it is impossible ♪
♪ This avatar is beyond grasp
a thunderous roar across earth and sky ♪
♪ Hara! ♪
♪ Mahadeva! ♪
♪ O wandering one, matted-haired Lord
Radiant, supreme beyond all light ♪
♪ O colorful Maheshwara
Dhimit Dhimit Dhimit Dhimita Shankara ♪
♪ The trident is your form, O Three-Eyed One
The forest of penance your domain ♪
♪ Your threefold energy is Chidambaram
Eternal is your cosmic dance ♪
♪ You are the unified form
That destroys fierce demons ♪
♪ This soil longs
For the divine touch of your feet ♪
♪ O Mallanna, come down to us ♪
♪ Shambho, Shiva Shiva Shankara
Destroyer of demonic hearts ♪
♪ Show us your mercy
O dissolver of all, protect us ♪
♪ Hara Shiva, Supreme Lord ♪
♪ O Mallanna, come down to us ♪
But why was Bhairavi the only one
who could see Lord Shiva?
Whoever chants Lord Shiva's name
110 Crore times in their lifetime,
that person will see Lord Shiva.
If sages like you couldn't do it,
how could Bhairavi
do it at such a young age?
This is not just from this birth.
Her devotion to Shiva in the previous
lives came to fruition in this life.
It reflects the good karma earned
by her and her family in their past lives.
Her village Odela was given
a blessing through her.
Om Namah Shivaya!
♪ Parameshwara has descended
In all his glory ♪
♪ The Kumbh Mela
Is our daily festival ♪
♪ He became the sacred Om
The primal sound ♪
♪ Shiva himself, the radiant Shiva Linga ♪
♪ Parameshwara has descended
In all his glory ♪
♪ The Kumbh Mela
Is our daily festival ♪
♪ He became the sacred Om
The primal sound ♪
♪ Shiva himself, the radiant Shiva Linga ♪
♪ Odela! ♪
BEEP